    {
        "author": "jonas747",
        "date": "15th Feb 2018",
        "title": "Version 0.26"
    }

Bot moved back to digital ocean and wow, these servers are much faster then scaleway's servers. To put it like this: my load average got sliced in half.

Buncho fixes, timed bans, backend changes and more!

Things may be relatively unstable, if they are, then I'm rolling back the update.

 - **Timed bans**: Add the `-d 10d5h30m` switch to the ban command.
     + Example: `-ban -d 7d @user banned for 7 days for being stupid`
 - **Added `-banid`** command to ban ids directly, works for users not in the server aswell.
 - **Added `-ma`** Max age switch to clean command
     + Example: `-clean -ma 1m 100` Will delete up to 100 messages sent in the last minute.
 - **Added `-r`** Regex switch to clean command, along with `-i` for case insensitive.
     + Example: `-clean -r "tide pod" 100` will delete the last 100 messages containing `tide pod`. (will only search up to last 1k messages)
 - **Added `-define/df`** command which looks up stuff on urban dictionary
 - Added a 1s cooldown to rolecommands
 - New source of would you rather questions, as the previous one was very bad
     + Dark mode is also removed as this one has no dark mode.
 - Implement new gateway code
     + As a result it may be more stable, or more unstable...
     + Especially the soundboard.
 - Throw command is no longer boring... (I hope)
 - Fix not being able to remove groups from role commands
 - Fix `mentionrole` requiring manage server instead of manage roles
