    {
        "author": "jonas747",
        "date": "3rd Apr 2018",
        "title": "Version 0.28"
    }

Thanks to the following for supporting my [patreon](https://www.patreon.com/yagpdb) <3:

 - **MissSizeSexy#7316**
 - **- ̗̀ peachy ̖́-#5154**
 - **caubert#6702**
 - One other person who hasn't linked their discord with patreon so i don't know their discord.

Thanks to **buthed010203**#9405, **Nate [ACA30]**#3971, **Michdi#1602** and https://github.com/Evildeathpro  for various contributions to documentation and other different things on the bot, I really appreciate this help.

Been a while since last update, got a little bit addicted to the game Darwin Project, but anyways this update brings huge changes to the backend of the bot so if you see some formatting errors in the bots responses then let me know, probably something i forgot.

Anyways here's the changelog:

 - More documentation
 - Added the `-m messageid` switch for the `rolemenu` command
     + Specify an existing message by id that you wanna attach the menu to
     + Specify a message with a existing menu to update it. (add the missing options, update the message if bot controlled)
 - Most Id's in the bot are treated as integers now, you might need to update your custom commands. If some stopped working join the support server
 - Added channel and role whitelists and blacklists for custom commands.
 - Update the remindme command to no longer show 1 less second than intended
 - It's been a while so probably some more stuff i forgot about...

Next Update I'm gonna split the custom commands into 2, Simple custom commands (like mee6) that can be added and edited through commands as well as on the control panel, and advanced ones identical to the existing ones.

I might try to squeeze in a automod revamp aswell.

