    {
        "author": "jonas747",
        "date": "8th May 2018",
        "title": "Version 0.29"
    }

YAGPDB 0.29 is here, I've been working on some other projects lately so haven't been able to do so much on this bot as i would like to.

I've had to upgrade the server so the cost has been increased again, thanks to the following for supporting my [patreon](https://www.patreon.com/yagpdb) <3:

 - **MissSizeSexy#7316**
 - **- ̗̀ peachy ̖́-#5154**
 - **caubert#6702**
 - **.celeste.#0001**
 - **Jammers83#2328**
 - **buthed010203#9405**
 - One other person who hasn't linked their discord with patreon so i don't know their discord.

Thanks to **buthed010203**#9405, **Nate [ACA30]**#3971, **Michdi#1602** and  **casKd-dev**  for various contributions to documentation, support, and other different things on the bot, I really appreciate this help.

Also big thanks to **LoganK#1321** for his pull requests adding new functionality!

Anyways here's the changelog:

 - **New Command:** `SetRepID <userid:int> <rep:int>`
     + Sets the reputation of a user by id (works on users that has left the server)
 - **New Command:** `poll option1 "option with spaces" option3 etc` (LoganK)
     + Simple command for creating polls
 - The mute command can now **remove** roles from people, they will have the roles that was initially removed given back to them when the mute ends.
 - More template functions:
     + `{{addReactions "👍" "👎"}}`: adds reactions to the message that triggered the custom command (LoganK)
     + `{{slice array beginning end}} (ex: {{slice array 1 10}}, {{slice array 10}})`: Slices the provided array. (LoganK)
 - Multi-message support for join/leave messages and custom commands (LoganK)
     + Right now it will just select a single response at random, but in the future this will be expanded to do more.
 - Typos fixes in help and other docs 
 - Fix bad stats link
 - Various backend changes to make the bot more stable

Thats it for this update!