    {
        "author": "jonas747",
        "date": "22nd May 2018",
        "title": "Version 0.30"
    }

YAGPDB 0.30 is here, likely the last version before i move this out of alpha, therefore i have prepared a [survey to get some nice feedback, and possibly great memes as well (click here)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdbuEUkWvyr7Jb-7EIoP_1Z8DKSjFReZk2l5SdPBrNwr7ME0Q/viewform?usp=sf_link=) 

0.29 went all the way up to 0.29.10! There was a lot of bugs in it, i definitively didn't test it well enough.

This update is mostly bugfixes, and some new and improved custom command functionality.

Anyways here's the changelog:

 - New custom command function **execAdmin**
     + same as exec but executes the command as if the bot was the one using it, meaning full permissions.
 - `exec` and `execAdmin` now accepts user arguments
     + This means you can have a custom command like this, which would mute the person triggering the command:
         * `{{execAdmin "mute" .User 1 "You were muted by an evil custom command!"}}`
 - New custom command function **userArg**
     + Returns a user object from either id or mention string, can be used in exec or execAdmin.
     + Example, make the person invoking the command rep a user by id:
         *  `{{exec "giverep" (userArg 232658301714825217)}}`
     + Or accept a user arg in the custom command:
         *  `{{exec "giverep" (userArg (index .CmdArgs 0))}}`
         *  Invoke it like this:  `-repalias @user` (repalias is the trigger in this example)
 - Moderation Mute remove roles: Fixed roles not being given back to the user when muting an already muted user
 - Moderation Mute remove roles: Fix roles removed after the mute command not being given back when unmuted.

**This is most likely the last version (except bugfixes) before going out of alpha!**

This means:

 - Major control panel overhaul, better mobile support, dark mode, and a lot of usability improvements overall.
 - A new bot icon, and yes, i know A LOT of you guys have nicknamed it `spongebot` or stuff like that, im sorry :( (reason for this is because i've been wanting to change it for a while, and one of my patrons came up with a concept i really like)
 - Much better documentation that is easy to contribute to

So yeah, stay tuned!

### Thanks to:

 - **MissSizeSexy#7316**
 - **- ̗̀ peachy ̖́-#5154**
 - **caubert#6702**
 - **.celeste.#0001**
 - **Jammers83#2328**
 - **buthed010203#9405**
 - One other person who hasn't linked their discord with patreon so i don't know their discord.

Thanks to the current patrons and the ad space renter the **server cost is now fully covered**, wooo!

Thanks to **buthed010203**#9405, **Michdi#1602** and **Timcampy118#5636** for various contributions to documentation, support, and other different things on the bot, I really appreciate this help.

Also big thanks to **LoganK#1321** for his pull requests adding new functionality!